When I was 14, things that happened in the past started to catch up with me emotionally,
and I felt like everything that had happened in my life was my fault.
I did then try to take my life.
When I was little, a family friend sexually abused me, and he continued to do so for
many years.
I didn't tell anyone what was going on.
I didn't even tell my dad.
I just tried to act normal, to block it all out.
I remember dad looked into lots of different religions growing up.
Then one day, Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on our door.
Their sincerity was very evident, like they were clearly interested in us as people,
and sincerely offering us to get to know Jehovah in the Bible.
I'm learning from the Bible that God says that He will take my right hand, that He will
fortify me, that He will really help me.
It blew me away.
When I went to a kingdom hall, I could feel the love and sincerity and warmth of everyone
in there right away, and it put me at ease.
Jehovah's done so much for me personally.
I want to help as many people benefit from that same relationship with our God.
For the last 12 years, I've been doing a full-time Bible education work.
Of course, my life is not perfect.
I still struggle from time to time, especially with negative thinking and emotions.
Sometimes I need to get up and do something, do some physical activity.
Sometimes when I have the memories coming back, it's like I'm watching a bad movie, and
somehow I need to change the channel.
I like to pray down at the beach, makes me feel very close to Jehovah.
Coming to know Jehovah has given my life meaning and purpose.
I remember learning the promise from God.
He says that I'm making all things new, and these things will not come up into the heart
nor they come up into the mind.
I can't wait for that time, and I'm so grateful for that promise.